Replace `page-version` with `current` in links (#260)
neo4j/docs-java-reference: modules/ROOT/pages/extending-neo4j/customized-code.adoc

Procedures and functions are written in Java and compiled into JAR files.
They are deployed to the database by dropping that JAR file into the _plugins_ directory on each standalone or clustered server.

> For the location of the _plugins_ directory, refer to link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/configuration/file-locations[Operations Manual -> Default file locations].

Author: ```suggestion
For the location of the _plugins_ directory, refer to link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/configuration/file-locations[Operations Manual -> Default file locations].
```

Neo4j also comes bundled with a number of _built-in_ procedures and functions.

> The available built-in procedures vary depending on edition and mode, as described in link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/reference/procedures[Operations Manual -> Procedures].

Author: ```suggestion
The available built-in procedures vary depending on edition and mode, as described in link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/procedures[Operations Manual -> Procedures].
```
